listen I don't want to tell you anything
but I'm kind of seeing a girl ever plan
on telling me I mean a good friend and
everything she's young
[Music]
I like this yeah well I think about this
I love this
[Music]
she puts color until my life you painted
my room
Nilay yeah I'm just afraid I'm just so
goddamn afraid that she stays the next
couple two or three weeks it's gonna
lead to you know sex yeah can I get a
box of condoms beneath this stuff
happened to me once before oh just
taking away from what ever would have
thought it'd happen again
[Music]
I love a girl I said things that no one
would forgive me for Senate I like my
life I don't have to change it for you
Mandy I'm not a bad person
sometimes I I just don't like myself you
know as well do you Andy there's a hole
in my heart my love is falling out I'm
trying to find something real to hold on
what is it that you wish for I wish for
a beautiful girl who walks through these
doors or a cup of coffee
[Music]
carefully wishful you might just get it